README.md, before:

# Final Exercise – Web Programming Project

This repository contains the final project developed for a web programming course.
It features a simple, responsive website composed of a landing page and a form page, using **HTML**, **CSS**, and **JavaScript**.

---

## 🔍 Project Overview

The project demonstrates core front-end skills, including:

* Semantic HTML page structure
* Responsive layouts using CSS
* Navigation between pages
* Interactive elements with JavaScript
* Use of custom images and UI graphics
* Form handling and visual styling

The website includes:

* **Homepage (`index.html`)**
* **Form page (`formulario.html`)**
* Custom styling (CSS)
* Simple client-side behavior (JS)
* Product and UI images

---

## 📁 Folder Structure

```
src/
 ├── css/
 │    index.css
 │    formulario.css
 ├── js/
 │    index.js
 │    formulario.js
 ├── html/
 │    index.html
 │    formulario.html
 └── images/
      bchocolate.png
      bolacha.png
      boloHeader.png
      cupcake.png
      framb.png
      logo.png
      medal.png
      whisk-and-bowl.png
```

---

## 🚀 How to Run the Project

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/<your-username>/<your-repo>.git
   ```

2. Open the project folder.

3. Start by opening the homepage:

   ```
   src/html/index.html
   ```

No server setup is required — the project runs directly in the browser.

---

## 📸 Images and Assets

All images used on the website can be found in the `/images` folder.
They include graphics such as:

* Cupcakes
* Chocolate bars
* Cookies
* Framboises
* Header illustration
* Brand logo
* Medal icon
* Whisk-and-bowl graphic

---

## 📚 Technologies Used

* **HTML5**
* **CSS3**
* **JavaScript (ES6)**

Commit message:

Revise README to describe bakery shop website
Updated project description to reflect bakery shop theme.

README.md, after:

# Final Exercise – Bakery Shop Website Project

This repository contains the final project developed for a web programming course.
It features a **bakery shop website**, including a responsive landing page with product highlights and a styled form page for user interaction.
The project is built using **HTML**, **CSS**, and **JavaScript**, and includes custom graphics and bakery-themed images.

---

## 🔍 Project Overview

The project demonstrates core front-end skills, including:

* Semantic HTML page structure
* Responsive layouts using CSS
* Navigation between pages
* Interactive elements with JavaScript
* Use of custom images and UI graphics
* Form handling and visual styling

The website includes:

* **Homepage (`index.html`)**
* **Form page (`formulario.html`)**
* Custom styling (CSS)
* Simple client-side behavior (JS)
* Product and UI images

---

## 📁 Folder Structure

```
src/
 ├── css/
 │    index.css
 │    formulario.css
 ├── js/
 │    index.js
 │    formulario.js
 ├── html/
 │    index.html
 │    formulario.html
 └── images/
      bchocolate.png
      bolacha.png
      boloHeader.png
      cupcake.png
      framb.png
      logo.png
      medal.png
      whisk-and-bowl.png
```

---

## 🚀 How to Run the Project

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/<your-username>/<your-repo>.git
   ```

2. Open the project folder.

3. Start by opening the homepage:

   ```
   src/html/index.html
   ```

No server setup is required — the project runs directly in the browser.

---

## 📸 Images and Assets

All images used on the website can be found in the `/images` folder.
They include graphics such as:

* Cupcakes
* Chocolate bars
* Cookies
* Framboises
* Header illustration
* Brand logo
* Medal icon
* Whisk-and-bowl graphic

---

## 📚 Technologies Used

* **HTML5**
* **CSS3**
* **JavaScript (ES6)**
